## What licensing options are available for RapidPath?

There are two license types available for RapidPath:

**Single-machine licenses** are each linked to a specific computer (and a specific user's Windows profile) and they each can have one assigned username.  If your computer gets replaced, or if there is a change in staffing/roles, we can assist in transferring single-machine licenses to new computers/users, but they are not suited for regular use across multiple computers or between multiple users.  Single-machine licenses are better suited for individual planners using one computer, or a team of planners where everyone needs to be able to use RapidPath at the same time.

**Multi-machine licenses** allow for RapidPath to be installed on any number of computers with any number of people registered as users, and the number of users who can access RapidPath at any one time is determined by the number of licenses held.  For example, with one multi-machine license, you could have five registered users (each with their own login details and RapidPath installed on their computers), and one of those registered users will be able to access RapidPlan at any one time. Note that multi-machine licenses require an internet connection when in use.

Multi-machine licenses are better suited for planners who work across multiple computers (e.g., working in the office sometimes, working remotely at other times), or for teams of planners with sporadic access needs.  For example, if you have a team of five planners but only two planners would ever be designing plans at any one time, two multi-machine licenses would make more sense than five single-machine licenses.

